#summary A summary of the ToDo tags in the codebase.
#labels Phase-Requirements


content\about.xul:  <!-- TODO: Get about.xul right. -->

----

content\cardOverlay.js:            // TODO: Make some backup mechanism for saving contact info to sfdc - presumably smoething to do with the scheduled synch.

content\cardOverlay.js:            // TODO: Globalise?

content\cardOverlay.js:                    // TODO: Deal with non-editable salesforce fields.

content\cardOverlay.js:                    // TODO: Globalise?

----

content\composeOverlay.js:﻿// TODO: Try to find a way to trick salesforce into tracking messages as per HTML emails sent within salesforce.

----

content\connection.js:        //TODO:  throw "value for field " + name + " is undefined"; Bug: 100000000000Ufg

----

content\GriffinCommon.js:﻿// TODO: Cache varous XPCOM classes used in GriffinCommon? Performance?

content\GriffinCommon.js:    // TODO: Unstink-ify the padLeft function (there must be a way!!).

content\GriffinCommon.js:    // TODO: Login asynchronously

content\GriffinCommon.js:                // TODO: Globalise.

content\GriffinCommon.js:        // TODO: Globalise login status messages

content\GriffinCommon.js:    // TODO: Cache connection??

content\GriffinCommon.js:            // TODO: Use nsIConsoleMessage interface of @mozilla.org/scripterror;1 for logging to error console - flexibility.

content\GriffinCommon.js:            // TODO: Make persistant logging to file work!!

content\GriffinCommon.js:    // TODO: Perhaps this should be somewhere else? Called on both addMessage, and synchContact methods. Some kind of OO class I imagine?

content\GriffinCommon.js:        // TODO: Limit getCardForContact search so that we only get getBestMatch on relevant cards (ie ones that match on at least one field). Partially implemented, see commented out code.

content\GriffinCommon.js:    // TODO: Perhaps getBestMatch should be somewhere else? See getCardForContact

content\GriffinCommon.js:    // TODO: Perhaps getMatchStrength should be somewhere else? See getCardForContact

----

content\login.js:            // TODO: Globalise

content\login.xul:<!-- TODO: Beautify the login dialog -->

----

content\Message.js://TODO: Give contacts a similar object to messages, to provide extensibility with extra fields.

content\Message.js:    // TODO: A way of getting an nsIAbCard from a message Uri (or a list of likely ones?).

----

content\options.js:﻿// TODO: Options screen performs login twice, (tasks and contacts)

content\options.js:// TODO: 

content\options.js:                // TODO: Password manager - do we need to remove current login for this url before adding a new one?

----

content\options.js:                    // TODO: Globalise

content\options.js:            // TODO: Globalise

content\options.js:        // TODO: Validate numeric-ness of strength fields.

content\options.js:        // TODO: Validate Id field mapped?

content\overlay.js:        //TODO: Ensure a synch folder is set up at start time.

content\overlay.js:        //TODO: Listen just to the synch folder. Currently (v2.0.0.17 19-Nov-08) this crashes Thunderbird (no idea why)

content\overlay.js:    // TODO: Globalise synch messages

content\overlay.js:        // TODO: Allow synch criteria other than ownership.

content\overlay.js:            // TODO: Globalise

content\overlay.js:                // TODO: make getUserInfo query asynch (somehow!);

content\overlay.js:                // TODO: Really should test this.

content\overlay.js:                // TODO: make getUserInfo query asynch (somehow!);

content\overlay.js:                    // TODO: Make roles query asynch (somehow!)

content\overlay.js:            // TODO: Security. SOQL injection possible?? Would probably only crash out, but worth checking.

content\overlay.js:            // TODO: filter results of getUpdated by Ownership criteria (is there any point in doing it then, esp given it's causing pain elsewhere?)

content\overlay.js:        // TODO: Hardcoded directory uri, personal address book, rewite to make dynamic.

content\overlay.js:        // TODO: Synch across multiple address books.

content\overlay.js:            //TODO: Should probably synch deletions here :-)

content\overlay.js:            //TODO: Not relevant at this code point. But need to synch deletions in thunderbird to salesforce too.

content\overlay.js:        // TODO: Fix up the time that we're setting the last synch to. Must set to the time we set in salesforce query, not time update ends.

content\overlay.xul:  <!-- TODO: Globalise menu labels on message window overlay. -->

----

install NoUpdateUrl.rdf:    <!-- TODO: a proper homepage -->

install NoUpdateUrl.rdf:    <!-- TODO: About page -->

install NoUpdateUrl.rdf:    <!-- TODO: Better Icon -->



install.rdf:    <!-- TODO: a proper homepage -->

install.rdf:    <!-- TODO: About page -->

install.rdf:    <!-- TODO: Better Icon -->

install.rdf:    <!-- TODO: Need to host this in a more stable location than my svn repo -->

----

update.rdf:    <!-- TODO: Signature required? -->